PEP 740: ``data-provenance`` attribute value tweaks (#3971)
python/peps: peps/pep-0740.rst

:ref:`simple repository API <packaging:simple-repository-api-base>`:

* When an uploaded file has one or more attestations, the index **MAY**

>   provide a provenance file associated with the hosted distribution
>   containing those attestations. The format of the provenance file

Reviewer: This makes it seem like the hosted distribution contains the attestations, but you're actually referring to the provenance file. Maybe:

```suggestion
  provide a provenance file containing attestations associated with
  a given distribution. The format of the provenance file
```

Author: That's much better, thanks!
